Clerk Elements (Beta) - Initial docs (#890)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/elements/reference/sign-up.mdx

---
description: Reference documentation for Clerk Elements sign-up components.
---

# Sign-up components

> The following components are used when creating sign-up flows. They are imported from `@clerk/elements/sign-up`. It's recommended to import them all under the `SignUp.` namespace to make discovery easier and reduce naming conflicts with other components throughout your application. The code snippets on this page assume you have imported the components this way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following components are used when creating sign-up flows. They are imported from `@clerk/elements/sign-up`. We recommend importing them all under the `SignUp.` namespace to make discovery easier and reduce naming conflicts with other components throughout your application. The code snippets on this page assume you have imported the components this way.
```

> The following components are used when creating sign-up flows. They are imported from `@clerk/elements/sign-up`. It is recommended to import them all under the `SignUp.` namespace to make discovery easier and reduce naming conflicts with other components throughout your application. The code snippets on this page assume you have imported the components this way.

Reviewer 2: Okay I think you can apply my suggestions from `/docs/elements/reference/sign-in.mdx` above to this page 👍
